Good afternoon, everyone! 

Let me ask you to Imagine yourself in forest, where each step is presenting a choice in front of you: I am sure some of you will be eager to rush ahead, others will pause to enjoy the surroundings, 
While some will be in need of a guiding hand in terms of a map or guide. In today's digital age, where online learning is integral to our lives and technology grants access to a ton of resources at our fingertips, navigating to this educational forest can be really frustrating. 
But fear not, for that we have the solution. Today, I'm thrilled to introduce you all to our project -LearningCompass. Consider it as  your guide through the educational forest, adapting to your pace, preferences, and needs at every step on the way.

Myself Vidhi and here are my teammates. We are group 14.  our topic is Personalized Learning Path Generator.

LearningCompass is a dynamic, interconnected ecosystem designed to maximize learning success. We've listened to the struggles of over 70% of students who often feel clueless after completing courses on platforms like Udemy , Coursera and many more. 
For selections of courses, they rely on ratings and Popularity from users but they lack guidance on what steps to take next towards their academic or career goals. 

Now I want all of you to raise your hand if you have ever felt lost in the vast forest of online resources. For example you have basic knowledge of java, you want to learn more, so you search java on eLearning platform. They give you hundreds of course on that topic. and You are confused which one to go ahead with.
I see many hands up, and that's precisely why LearningCompass is so relevant.

Existing eplatforms offers plenty of resources to follow but often ignore to take in account your industry experience and career aspirations. For example  if your goal is to become a full stack developer at Google,  With LearningCompass
You simply paste the job description into our software's target field. Our Software will analyze the keywords  and recommend courses and resources tailored specifically to that role , 
and Provide you a map considering you have created your profile with correct details. 

What sets us apart is our commitment to real personalization. 
Instead of a one-size-fits-all approach, our algorithm creates a learning map based on your education, experience, interests, and target goals. 
They're not just static recommendations; they're constantly analyzing your feedback on courses and performance data in real-time. As you learn, the platform evolves with you, making sure you're always on the right track.

In conclusion, LearningCompass is all about empowering learners, educators, and institutions to unlock their full potential. 
With your support, we can turn this vision into reality and shape the future of education for generations to come.
Thank you for your attention, Let's revolutionize Learning together!
